Miss Qin, are you still dead?
Forestry pretends to be the master
He also slandered the master martial artist and committed a crime to imprison for the mistress
Today this kid is dead
Miss Qin, I'd like to see it
How to save the forestry waste today?
Waste in your mouth
But I did a few years in prison for you
How dare you get in trouble at a time like this?
Okay, okay, I'd like to see it
How do you convince the new master
Ya'er, please.
I didn't expect it.
You are actually willing to use this physique singular to save me
Now you know panic
What are you doing early?
Saved my life.
I can't just watch death
Okay, I have a showdown.
I am the new son of Kunlun
The ancestor in your mouth
Why are you still talking nonsense at a time like this?
Miss Qin, did you see it?
This is the man you want to save
Vanity to the extreme
Suddenly posing as a rookie master Mingyue
You are really looking for death in the toilet light
After that, this in-law family can be implicated
Lord Wang Zhushan
Did you see it?
This kid not only impersonates you in front of you
Also pretending to be the new master
Guess why I wasn't angry?
You are not angry
You're really not angry
Old disciple, look at the good wife I found for you
He would rather hand over the iron roll alchemy book to save your life
Your wedding?
Don't you have to kowtow to the teacher a few more times?